Have you ever wondered what you are agreeing to when you press agree to terms of service? Have you ever wondered what companies do with all of the information you have stored? Data ethics is a large concern in today's society where everyone is constantly sharing their information. How much information is ethically okay for companies to receive and share with others? 
When you put your information into a company, it can track all of the information that you agreed to. The problem is that the company could be required to give your information to the government if they ask for it and you would never know. Additionally, companies have all that power over the consumer and there is not much stopping them from using it for their own gain. This puts a large amount of consumer trust into the hands of big corporations. 
I think that there are some things that certain apps need to access to be able to function. For example, google maps needs to be able to access your location and an app like instagram needs to store your photos. The first problem arrives with the other information that apps collect. Some apps, you agree to letting the app turn off airplane mode whenever they want or collect information that is not prevalent to the app. The second main issue is that you never know where that information is going. They could sell it to others or hand it over to the government. 
There should be stricter regulations to ensure that people's information is being protected. Apps should only be allowed to collect certain information and there should be stricter laws about who that information is being shared with. Also, there should not be algorithm biases that would give benefits to certain people. With rapidly expanding technology, users are becoming less and less aware of what is happening to their data. People need to be educated so that they can protect themselves.
